Change up-for-grabs to help wanted (#7974)
dotnet/msbuild: README.md

   - [Full Framework](documentation/wiki/Building-Testing-and-Debugging-on-Full-Framework-MSBuild.md)
   - [Mono](documentation/wiki/Building-Testing-and-Debugging-on-Mono-MSBuild.md)

> * See our [up for grabs issues](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) for a list of issues we think are great to onboard new developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See our [help wanted issues](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) for a list of issues we think are great to onboard new developers.
```
